.TH SN1FF_SERVICE 8
.SH NAME
sn1ff_service \- daemon service to receive and manage sn1ff check results
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B systemctl
[\fISYSTEMD COMMAND\fR] sn1ff
.PP
.B journalctl
[\fI-fu\fR] sn1ff
.PP
.B sn1ff_service
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
sn1ff_service is a systemd daemon service, that receives sn1ff check results either locallay - or more typically from other network hosts.
.PP
It can then manage the lifecycle of the check results, making them available for viewing by the sn1ff_monitor program, and deleting them at the user's request or if their time-to-live (TTL) has expired.
.PP
The check results are simply text files. They are received from other network hosts, using SCP with key authentication. From the local host, they are simply copied.
.SS SYSTEMD
The service is controlled and monitored via the usual systemd commands such as:
.BR systemctl (1),
.BR journalctl (1).
.PP
.SH SYSTEMD COMMAND
.TP
.B start
.TP
.B stop
.TP
.B restart
.TP
.B disable
.TP
.B enable
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
Show available help information.
.SH FURTHER INFORMATION
For details of installation and example checks, see the sn1ff Github repository:
.PP
.B https://github.com/GwynDavies/sn1ff
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.SS Other related pages on the sn1ff server:
.BR sn1ff_cleaner (8),
.BR sn1ff (7),
.BR sn1ff_monitor (1).
.SS Other related pages on sn1ff clients:
.BR sn1ff_client (1),
.BR sn1ff_license (1),
.BR sn1ff_conf (1).
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Gwyn Davies
.PP
.B https://github.com/GwynDavies/sn1ff
