.TH SN1FF_MONITOR 1 
.SH NAME
sn1ff_monitor \- display sn1ff check results files in a terminal
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sn1ff_monitor
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
sn1ff_monitor is a command-line program, that allows users to view the sn1ff check results files. It must be run on the sn1ff server, as it communicates directly with.
.PP
Once started, the sn1ff_monitor connects to the sn1ff_service and requests the current check results files. It then displays each of the files in turn, to the user. 
.PP
The user can interact with sn1ff_monitor, by typing one of the following commands:
.PP
.SS User commands:

.TP
.B q
quit the sn1ff_monitor

.TP
.B f
make the display go faster

.TP
.B s
make the display go slower

.TP
.B ^s
pause the display - CTRL-S

.TP
.B ^q
resume the display - CTRL-Q

.TP
.B d
delete the currently displayed check results file

.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
Show available help information.
.PP
.SH EXAMPLE(S)
Check files are displayed as a HEADER and BODY sections.
.PP
.SS DISPLAY HEADER
Gives the attributes of the check results file, notably its state which mist be from [ALRT|WARN|OKAY|NONE].
.PP
The choice and interpretation of the status, is entirely up to the check writer.
.PP
.SS DISPLAY BODY
Output from the check is then displayed. This is free-format text, and controlled by the check writer. 
.PP
If the amount of text to deb displayed exceeds the length of the terminal, then it will be scrolled-up as it is displayed.
.nf
 
DISPLAY HEADER

            check    source       source        UTC date/time
            status  hostname    IPv4 address   of check result
              |        |             |                |
              v        v             v                v
   sn1ff     ALRT   somehost      192.0.2.0   Wed January 1, 2025 00:00:00 UTC
   1.0-1     [q]quit [f]faster [s]slower [^s]pause [^q]resume [d]delete         <-- commands accepted
             123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000_ALRT_1745949432.snff
     ^                                ^
     |                                |
   sn1ff                        filename of
  version                       check result


DISPLAY BODY

   CHECK: Listening ports are expected
   
   The following listening ports are UNEXPECTED ...
   LISTEN 0      128    0.0.0.0:ssh 0.0.0.0:*
   LISTEN 0      128       [::]:ssh    [::]:*
  
   --------------------------------------------------------------------------------     
   
                      FAILED: LISTENING PORTS ARE EXPECTED
.fi
.SH FURTHER INFORMATION
For details of installation and example checks, see the sn1ff Github repository:
.PP
.B https://github.com/GwynDavies/sn1ff
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.SS Other related pages:
.BR sn1ff_service (8),
.BR sn1ff_cleaner (8),
.BR sn1ff (7),
.BR sn1ff_client (1),
.BR sn1ff_license (1),
.BR sn1ff_conf (1).
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Gwyn Davies
.PP
.B https://github.com/GwynDavies/sn1ff
