.TH SN1FF_CONF 1
.SH NAME
sn1ff_conf \- get values from configuration file
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sn1ff_conf
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The sn1ff_conf program, allows users or scripts to retrieve configuration values from the sn1ff configuration file.
.PP
The values are typically changed during installation, but can be changed at any time by editing the configuration file.
.PP
The configuration file is /etc/sn1ff/sn1ff.conf.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
Show available help information.
.TP
.B \-t
Retrieve time-to-live (TTL) values for ALRT, WARN, OKAY and NONE statuses. The values are returned as a comma separated list "n,n,n,n", where the order of the TTL values is "ALRT,WARN,OKAY,NONE".
.TP
.B \-a 
Retrieve server address (IP or hostname) of the sn1ff server. A default value of "192.0.2.0" is supplied by default, and must be changed in the configuration file during installation.
.TP
.SH EXAMPLES
Here are usage examples:

.nf
  Get time-to-live (TTL) values for the different check result statuses:

   $ sn1ff_conf -t b        
   5,4,3,2

     Here we retried the time-to-live (TTL) values of:
       ALRT TTL = 5 minutes,
       WARN TTL = 4 minutes,
       OKAY TTL = 3 minutes,
       NONE TTL = 2 minutes,

  Get the server address for the sn1ff server:

    $ sn1ff_Conf -a
    192.0.2.0

      Here we retrieved the sn1ff server IP address
.fi
.SH FURTHER INFORMATION
For details of installation and example checks, see the sn1ff Github repository:
.PP
.B https://github.com/GwynDavies/sn1ff
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.SS Other related pages on the sn1ff server:
.BR sn1ff_service (8),
.BR sn1ff_cleaner (8),
.BR sn1ff (7),
.BR sn1ff_monitor (1).
.SS Other related pages on a sn1ff client:
.BR sn1ff_client (1).
.BR sn1ff_license (1).
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Gwyn Davies
.PP
.B https://github.com/GwynDavies/sn1ff

